[FOX MONSTER growls]
[RISA yells]
Web User!
[RISA grunts]
[FOX MONSTER chitters]
Paralyze Bomb!
That oughta hold ya!
And now...
[FOX MONSTER chitters]
No way! It can still move?
So be it.
Purple Phantom Blade!
[FOX MONSTER yelps]
[KUROMU]
Now's your chance!
[MAY, YUI]
Right!
Get ready!
Go! Double Stamp!
[FOX MONSTER yelps]
That did it!
[KUROMU]
Now we can go to Level Five!
Kanade, you okay?
I'm good.
No worries.
And Kasumi?
[KASUMI] I didn't take any
damage from the enemy, but--
[GROUP]
Huh?
[IZ] So, that's the infamous
Purple Phantom Blade.
Thanks for letting
me see it in action!
[MAY, YUI]
Kasumi! You're so cute!
[KUROMU] Maple's definitely
gonna be sorry she missed this.
[RISA] I can't believe she
came down with a cold
on the very day Level
Five was released.
I guess it's just
that time of year.
[KAEDE sneezes]
Woohoo! I am alive!
[RISA]
Sure took you long enough.
Level Five's old news by now.
I'm still gonna
check it out today!
A guildmaster can't let
themselves fall behind,
you know!
I wish I could join you.
I need to log off soon, but
maybe someone else can go.
You wanna ask?
That's okay!
I'll take 'em on solo!
It was a good idea at the time,
but can I really handle
some super-strong boss
on my own?
Excuse me!
Hmm?
Ah...
Is this not the entrance?
I'll try this!
Okay. How's this?
[KAEDE gasps]
Oh. Guess it worked, huh?
[TOWER KEEPER]
Well.
Wasn't expecting
a human to show up.
I'm gonna beat you and
move on to Level Five!
Sure. You can try, human!
Yah!
[KAEDE] You have to go
easy on me, though!
Machine God!
Now, commence attack!
Honestly!
Syrup! Megamorph! Now!
--[SYRUP] Turtle!
--[KAEDE] Use Spirit Cannon!!
[SYRUP]
Turtle!
Is that all you got, human?
How sad.
He's strong! Hydra!
[KAEDE]
All right, then.
[KAEDE grunts]
Let's finish, human.
[SYRUP]
Turtle.
A piercing attack? Oh, no!
Syrup! Mother Nature!
[SYRUP]
Turtle!
[TOWER KEEPER]
Yah!
[SYRUP]
Turtle!
It's no use!
These attacks don't make a dent!
How did the others manage
to defeat this guy?
Oh, that's right!
I could try that!
Even though I hate getting hurt.
Return to your
original form, Syrup!
I'll use Break Core!
[TOWER KEEPER yells]
Thank goodness.
I'm so glad that I have
such high defense.
Syrup!
--[SYRUP] Turtle!
--I'm sorry!
That was Break Core.
It hurts the user as
well as the enemy.
[KAEDE]
Uh, hey. Are you all right?
[TOWER KEEPER laughs]
You've beaten me!
Well done, human. Come.
[KAEDE]
Huh?
So, what is this?
From this day on,
you can enter this tower
whenever you like.
How wonderful to have
a worthy heir at long last!
Huh? That's fine, I guess,
but what I really want
is to get to Level Five.
I've acquired some new skill
called Pandemonium One.
Wait, does that mean this
place isn't the entrance
to Level Five?
[TOWER KEEPER]
Do come back.
We'll fight until the
very end of my days.
[laughs]
[KAEDE]
What?!
I can't believe I've been in the
wrong place this whole time.
Now I have to
start from scratch.
[FREDERICA]
Hey! Is something wrong, Maple?
It's nice to see you Frederica,
Dread, Drag and, um... uh,
all the rest of you?
[DREAD]
I see.
So, it was a cold that
was keeping you away
from Level Five.
That's why. I was beginning
to wonder why I hadn't spotted
that flying turtle
of yours there yet.
Huh. Defeating the wrong
boss completely.
How very like you.
Oh. That's a compliment.
What are you guys still doing
in Level Four, though?
You should've reached
Level Five by now.
Well, we did.
But some of our newbies
are lagging behind,
so we're here helping them out.
Loving Sacrifice!
[DRAG]
Whoa. This is great!
We're being protected by Cover!
[DREAD] You guys can all feel
free to fight to your hearts'
content now.
You won't take any damage.
Yes, Dread, sir!
I appreciate this lovely
AoE protection.
[BLAZING BROTHERS] Now! Here
comes our patented Trio Attack!
Me, too, right, guys?
[yells]
[GROUP grunts]
[FOX MONSTER chitters]
Maple, why don't you
have a go at that thing?
Sure! I have a new skill.
I'll try it!
[GROUP]
Huh?
Pandemonium!
Attack!
[FOX MONSTER chitters]
[GROUP gasps]
All right!
Level Five, here I come!
Yeah, great...
Good for you, Maple.
[KAEDE]
Thanks for helping out.
I really appreciate it!
Next time you need
a hand with something,
be sure to let me
know, okay? Bye!
[DRAG] Remind me,
how did we help, again?
So, this is Level Five, huh?
The ground here is
softer than my bed!
Yui! And May!
Oh, Maple!
You made it to Level Five!
Guess this means you've
recovered from your cold?
Yeah! I'm fine now.
Anyway, are the two
of you just logging in?
Actually, well, the thing is...
We lost a battle with a
really powerful monster.
One that uses lightning attacks.
Even though we
fought really hard,
we weren't able to defeat it.
[YUI] But now that
you're here with us,
I know we can win!
All right! Loving Sacrifice!
That's the attack that
finished us off before!
But this time's different!
Now, c'mon, Sis!
[MAY, YUI]
Go, Double Strike!
Wow, good job
maxing out that attack!
You two are something else!
Thanks to you, Maple!
Oh, looks like we
picked up a new skill.
Let's see.
Apparently, this lets us
attack with lightning.
Though, I guess it
doesn't really matter,
considering neither of us
can use magic skills.
Huh.
The one I got is different,
possibly because
my strength stat is zero.
It's, uh, "Throne of
the Heavenly King."
Ah! Nice!
Not only is it pretty,
but it grants AoE defense!
It automatically restores
the HP of the one
sitting in it. Too cool.
And it can even seal
the skills of your enemy!
Not bad, huh?
Yeah, but do you really
need that when you already
have Loving Sacrifice?
And besides, what's the use
of having AoE defense skills
if your movement is limited?
Don't worry about it!
It's not like I'm going after
all these weird skills
intentionally, so
whatever happens is fine!
[MAY]
It's a message from the admins.
Wow! They say they're about
to release Level Six.
It's coming Wednesday!
[KAEDE]
What? Already?
In that case, I need to wrap
up Level Five, and fast!
[YUI]
Yeah, us too!
[MAY]
Let's hurry!
[KAEDE]
Loving Sacrifice!
Go Double Stamp! Go Double
Stamp! Go Double Stamp!
[KANADE] At times like this, all
we can do is stand by and watch.
True. Though, it is nice
not having to use
Purple Phantom Blade.
I love their enthusiasm,
but I kinda wish
I could at least get a hit in.
[IZ] Now we can advance
to Level Six as a group.
[KUROMU] I'd have thought May
and Yui would wipe out
that boss in one blow.
It just goes to show the
monsters are getting stronger
with each new level.
But now we have our
new skills from Level Five,
so it evens out.
Right!
Whatever challenges
they throw at us,
we have absolutely no
reason to be... scared.
[KUROMU] Level Six appears
to be horror-themed.
Sally? Are you okay?
Yes, thank you.
[KAEDE]
You are not!
[RISA] You're right.
I'm really, really not!
[KAEDE] Do you think you'll
be able to handle it, Risa?
[RISA]
Not a chance!
I can't deal with horror in
any way, shape, or form!
As far as I'm concerned,
New World Online
doesn't have a Level Six!
I'll just grind in
the other areas,
then skip directly
to Level Seven!
And that will be that!
Okay, but hear me out.
There's lots of info
out about Level Six
and it might change your mind.
No pressure.
I just had to say it.
[RISA]
Fair enough.
And good luck out there.
[sighs]
I won't change my mind. Please!
No chance of that happening.
But I wonder what info
she's talking about.
Wait, what's this?
Level Six has an
agility-boosting skill?
And shoes that let you fly, too?
Oh, man!
I want both of 'em so badly!
What do I do?
[RISA whimpers]
Sally! You showed up!
How are you feeling?
Was it difficult for you?
Ugh! Just getting this
far was a trial beyond
all comparison.
If you'd told us
you were coming,
we'd have gone out to meet you.
You're too kind.
But I couldn't allow myself
to become an imposition
on the rest of the guild.
But why have you come here?
I thought you weren't going
to return to Level Six.
Is there a particular
item you want to find
or something?
Yes. And I know just
where to look for it.
Unfortunately, the place really
scares the crap out of me!
Okay, okay!
I am coming with you!
We hadn't made plans yet anyway!
For real?
Thank you, thank you, thank
you, thank you, thank you!
Sure! Now let's go!
[RISA] Ah! Even from up this
high, you can see how creepy
it is down there.
Oh, yeah. Where're we headed?
If we just keep going this way,
we should find a mansion.
That's where we--
[RISA screams]
Nuh-uh! I'm done!
[KAEDE]
Sally, that's dangerous!
Be careful!
We've come this far,
so let's see it through!
Sally, take a look!
This has to be it, right?
[RISA whimpers]
You promise the coast is clear?
It's totally safe!
Now, is this the place
we're looking for or not?
Well?
This is it for sure!
Just look how terrifying it is!
Perfect! Time to head in, then!
You have got to
believe in yourself.
Clear your mind and
try to remain calm.
You're fine!
I'm right here!
Please, hang on!
I'm still psyching myself up!
I'm sorry, but you're the
same girl who once took
more than an hour to
work up the nerve to go
into a haunted house
and we simply do not have
that kind of time!
Machine God!
--[RISA] Uh, hey. Wait--
--[KAEDE] Now then, let's go!
--[yells]
--Coming through. Excuse me!
[RISA yelps]
[KAEDE]
Ooh!
It's even bigger on the inside!
Now where are we supposed to go?
[RISA] Uh, I haven't been
able to find a detailed map.
I only know it's
somewhere in this mansion.
Guess there's nothing to do
but search the whole building.
Well, listen, Maple.
The monsters here are
pretty strong, I'm guessing.
Maybe instead of
wandering aimlessly,
we should come back when
we know where to look.
[KAEDE]
No way!
We're gonna go find that item!
All we have to do
is stick together!
[KAEDE]
Nope! Nothing in here!
Don't see anything.
Checking rooms randomly
is gonna take a while.
[RISA]
No kidding.
But even still, Maple,
stay close to me.
Certainly!
Whatever happens, you can
count on me to keep you safe!
Great. Thank you.
Maple, save me!
Sit tight, okay?
There. All taken care of.
[BOTH yell]
Hey, Maple, where'd
you disappear to?
Uh, Maple?
[RISA yelps]
[yells]
It's not letting me log out!
Am I trapped in here?
[RISA yells]
Maple! Maple, where are you?
Sally! I'm on my way!
Open sesame!
Sally! Where are you, Sally?
She's running around
like crazy! Sally!
[RISA whimpers]
Super Speed! Super Speed!
Super Speed!
At the rate she's moving,
I'll never catch her!
Aww! Atrocity!
[RISA]
Maple? Please, Maple.
I need your help.
[KAEDE]
Sally!
[RISA]
Maple!
[EVIL ENTITIES growl]
[RISA yelps]
I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
[KAEDE]
Sally!
What's wrong, Sally?
Don't you recognize me?
[KAEDE]
Throne of the Heavenly King!
You hang in there, Sally!
[RISA crying]
Maple!
It's all right.
They can't get to us
if we stay here.
[KAEDE]
Well? Feeling better?
[RISA]
Yeah, a little bit.
Though, I'm too ashamed
of myself to show
my face quite yet.
Aww. I knew this
was a terrible idea.
I feel so stupid for thinking
maybe I could handle it.
So, now what?
Do you want to keep looking?
Hey. What's going on?
[BLAZING BROTHERS yell]
[yelling continues]
I see now!
A new group of
adventurers showed up
and all the monsters
got distracted!
[RISA]
What does that mean?
It means we have
a chance to escape!
[KAEDE, RISA yell]
[yelling continues]
Hey, it looks like we
can log out from here.
I'm free!
Quick, let's get going before--
[RISA screams]
Well, would you look at that?
You learned a new skill!
Let me see.
The "Connection to
the Underworld" skill.
Item effects are doubled!
Well, look at that!
I guess you earned it by
spending a certain amount
of time in the mansion!
I'm so proud of you, Sally!
[RISA sighs]
I seriously can't believe
it's possible to feel
this exhausted from
playing a video game.
Ugh. Oh, man. So sweaty.
Better take a bath.
Hey, Mom? Is the bath ready?
"I'm out taking care of
neighborhood association
business, and your father's not
expecting to be home till late,
so please have dinner by
yourself and don't wait for us.
Be safe, okay? Mom."
[CAT meows]
[KAEDE]
What's going on, Risa?
[RISA] Um, Kaede?
Do you have a minute?
[KAEDE]
For you, of course!
What's up?
[RISA] Well, it occurred to
me that I put you through
a lot today, so I
thought I'd check in.
Oh, yeah?
But you know,
this sounds kind of familiar.
--[RISA] It does?
--Yep!
Remember the time we went
to that haunted house?
That night, you called
me from your bathtub,
home alone and scared silly.
[RISA]
Nothing gets past you, huh?
Sorry. Mind staying on
with me for a bit?
[KAEDE]
I'd be happy to!
So, you're home alone now?
Yeah. So, uh, just until
whenever my parents get home,
if you're sure.
[KAEDE] I already told you,
it's no problem!
Oh, by the way,
you're good at math, right?
Can I ask you something
about our homework?
[RISA]
Sure. What is it?
[KAEDE]
Well, here's the thing.